This is a headgum original.
Thank you to Pixar for sponsoring this episode of our show, guys.
I have had a trouble history, hiring and firing graphic designers and headshot photographers
that do photo retouching, and it's all stuff where I'm being overcharged that I could
probably do that was on the other photo design editing app that we all know, but I just
don't want to, because that one's complicated, and that's why Pixar entered the game.
Pixar is an easy to use photo editing and design app.
With Pixar, almost anyone can create professional level designs with no art school needed.
When you've got a side hustle, right, a small business, and you don't have a ton of
time to design or create ads that look great and make sales, Pixar enters the picture
and makes the process simple and fast and not only design, but also lay out and export
the right-size files that you need.
Let's say your musician or comedian, you need to promote a show or a tour or a gig, right?
You don't have killer social media etiquette, honestly, design wise.
Pixar, again, makes things simple by creating amazing posters, advertising the gig, advertising
the tour, and getting your audience interested.
You can quickly create or update a design, choosing from hundreds of fonts, making it perfect
and posting it to your socials, or maybe have a product, right, and you have a couple
of great photos of it, but you can't keep using them over and over on their own.
That's boring.
The Pixar background removal tool lets you isolate your product and just one tap and put
it on any background you like, keeping your product photography always looking fresh.
And hey, who doesn't like messing around with filters, retouch tools, or even stickers on
their selfies?
Well, Pixar has an infinite number of ways to make your edits look as natural or as wild
as you want, and they're always updating with new stuff, with 150 million other creators
around the world using Pixar, you'll find relevant content you can't find anywhere else.
I have been using Pixar ever since we got this ad, a placement.
I used it to create some promotional materials for the headgum live show, New York City,
October 22nd, 7pm Grammarcy Theater, and I think they look great.
I did show them to Marika, you guys will see them on this episode, and she had some notes,
but I not on the design, because the design was amazing using Pixar.
I also have been using them in my personal life, just creating little invitations for parties
and get together.
I had a bar crawl, I created a Pixar invitation for that.
I'm having people over for a little Halloween horror night's watch party, and I created
a little invitation for that, using Pixar.
Looked awesome.
Looked like I spent hours on it.
I didn't.
I spent 10 minutes on it tops.
I really, really liked this product, guys.
So really check it out.
If this is any of this sounds like things that you would have to normally do in a design app,
please check out Pixar.
So whether you're editing selfies or trying to make your passion, your profession, you can
make it with Pixar.
Download the Pixar app or visit Pixar.com to start creating now.
Thanks, Pixar.
I forget every time, as a video.
I will, I will, I will, I will, I will, I will, I will, I will, I will, I will, I will, I will, I will, I will, I will, I will, I will, I will, I will, I will, I will, I will, I will, I will, I will, I will, I will, I will, I will, I will, I will, I will, I will, I will, I will, I will, I will, I will, I will, I will, I will, I will, I will, I will, I will, I will, I will, I will, I will, I will, I will, I will, I will, I will, I will, I will, I will, I will, I will, I will, I will, I will, I will, I will, I will, I will, I will, I will, I will, I will, I will, I will, I will, I will
I will, I will, I will, I will, I will, I will, I will, I will, I will see what's going on because of this
I thought a mirror was brown.
Yeah.
Already lost?
Mr. Andrew.
I'm really nervous.
Danny fucking sellers on the show.
Hey, man brother.
Doing fantastic.
Your hair looks like it has more volume up top.
Yeah.
And I have the headphones on.
I can kind of push it forward.
They're going to be in your pilot, whatever the fuck.
Rieke Brown is.
Thanks.
Wow.
How's the house?
Is it just so?
Because I feel like I'm going to never be good.
It's okay.
There's been a lot of stuff going on.
Probably.
Yeah.
I'm avoiding their little woes by basically taking out DIY projects.
We should say.
Exactly.
Yeah.
Precisely.
That's the best house to kind of keep things.
Keep like, you know, I mean, even keel as they say.
Yes.
The common enemy is the project and then you're not the kind of in the dollhouse.
Right exactly.
Precisely.
Yeah.
And you had skabies, right?
What?
What are skabies?
What's that?
Is it?
I don't know.
It's, I think it's like some, because it grabs no.
I think it's at some kind of a skin condition that babies get.
Hmm.
That sounds like babies.
This is the name.
Yeah.
The last episode was that one of the nastiest things of everything.
Thank you.
Wow.
Yes.
It was disgusting.
Wow.
That was so nasty.
Yeah.
That one is one that I actually do regret.
I shouldn't have done the visual gags surrounding rashes.
That one would have been better for before.
We did the, sorry.
I'm sorry.
Jesus.
I'm waiting one day for you to just like pull down the curtain.
And you're like under that bridge that is at a tarmac.
Yeah.
Oh, that'd be good.
I, people like me can't do that around airports is the thing.
Like I will be, if I'm not already on a list, I'll get put on a list.
Everybody.
Pile, I have avoided talking to you for the better part of a decade, but what's, what's
been going on and since like, with the last time I saw you, which is probably the Christmas
party.
Uh, the Christmas party, the fucking white elephant.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
I totally forgot about that.
I was thinking like, last time I was on this podcast, that was always, with Claire.
And I don't think there are any, I don't think there are any drops or, I don't know, there's
even intro music.
Yeah.
There's a very different animal.
Sure.
It evolves.
It's a quarterly evolution.
Claire, Claire does not work at the company anymore.
So that's like a good point of reference for the last time you were on this show.
She got a better job.
It's, we just shouldn't get laid off.
Um, it's hard for you now.
Right.
We know.
Yeah.
Any office gossip, Danny?
Oh, there's so much tea.
It's time for the Danny tea report.
So, yes, you may have heard.
So yesterday I overheard Marty's told, Angie, that Sam told,
Marty, that the refrigerator was broken.
And then I also heard that, not, I don't know, I was going to keep going, but I feel like,
I want to see how long you could go.
Yeah.
It would have been stupid, I'm sorry.
We did get a working dishwasher finally in the kitchen at the L.A. office pile in
where you can, you guys haven't been to the L.A. office.
It was a broken when you moved in, or did you guys break it already?
It was broken when we moved in.
Or there wasn't.
No, that wasn't.
Jeff, are you just lied?
No, that was not because I was unpacking a bunch of shit with Marty.
And he was like, we got to replace this thing because it doesn't work.
I'm pretty sure they're fridge word for like a hat for, oh, no, the fridge work.
The dish, I meant to say the dishwasher.
Oh, okay.
Because I was unpacking all the glasses.
And then he was like, I was like, it was probably washed these, right?
And he's like, we don't have a dishwasher, or it was broken.
I forget which.
You don't have a dishwasher.
I think you're just making stuff up.
No, that's why all the glasses are still on the kitchen,
the break room table.
No, this is the end of the tea report.
Office drama.
Last thing, we should open it up with that one.
I know.
What?
My refrigerator.
Yeah, my refrigerator, sorry.
My refrigerator was just broken too.
So, you know, he spends less than, yeah, nice.
Just a person, I'll not hear you, I haven't been at the office in months.
The drain was plugged.
And I had to get a guy to come in.
He had to come back because he needed another guy to help him.
And what they pulled out, they could not identify.
They were like, it looks biologic.
Like they were like, fetus?
It's like, the drain tube is like a small tube of plastic,
like a straw type thing.
And they were like, yeah, it's usually some, you know,
like lettuce or like a paper towel piece or something,
because people clean out their fridge and it goes down the tube.
This was like a life, they think.
And it was, it had like a vein in it.
And I don't know, so I don't know what it could have been.
But it basically like broke my fridge because when the drain tube doesn't work,
it does the thing where it sucks and like traced the vacuum and you can't open again.
So every time I took something out of my fridge and the fridge closed,
I couldn't open it again for like 15 minutes.
It was torture.
Anyway, Jeff, you asked what's going on since like the last time.
If I look like a year ago, that's what I did.
No, does anybody else want to get point this bullshit out of the way?
Before we get to the room, either the spot.
Let's go.
Oh, it's a drama.
No, that's my new course.
You should, are you going to submit it to a lab and like get it tested?
I threw it out. I'm kind of bummed I did because I really wonder,
I've been thinking like, oh, we kept you know, yeast in there.
Like, could it be like some sort of yeast thing?
Monstrous.
Yeah, like we're growing sourdough in our, like, drain.
Is that for me? Is that for me?
A yeast culture to grow a vein?
It was broken.
Not.
I really hope not.
Absolutely.
And running down.
It was, it was so nasty we toss it right away.
I mean, the like, the refrigerator guys were discussed it.
Like, that's how bad it was.
You got to imagine they see like a good amount of shit.
So yeah, you know, it was, uh, anyway.
I don't know if you like to learn home upkeep and maintenance.
Don't let it get ahead of you.
Be ahead of it and the game.
It's a good one.
Watch it.
Danny, you got a really good set on Wednesday.
I've been going to this open like Danny goes to tons of open makes.
And they go to one a week.
That's all I can handle at this point because I'm still,
get it, trying to get better at it.
But um, there was this like really drunk,
calculator who was just being really mad.
Who's, he was, he was turned up like black out drunk,
which is like no one else was like, that wasn't the vibe.
But he was also, uh, he was a friend of a comic that had already gone.
And I'm like, all right, the first two times, if you like,
you know, it would just be like, hey, can you chill?
But then he, like, they didn't leave.
I'm like, go.
Like, you already did your set.
Like, you know, and like, you handled it really well.
But for some people, I think it, like, really threw them off.
But you were, yeah, like, you, I was dialafing the way you were like,
you know, I don't remember what you said, but I was so funny.
I'll call him the zodiac killer.
Yeah.
You found him.
He looked like a school shooter.
Yeah, he was just like, yeah, like a,
he had a quarters of the point.
It was just like hammer.
But I'm like, bro, you're, you've killed somebody before.
Yeah, and you didn't tread lightly.
So you're definitely on his list now.
Oh, 100% yeah.
That would be armed at all time.
Yeah.
But those have been fun.
Those have been fun, like.
Yeah, you gotta just keep going up.
You know, you know, it was, you had to go to different rooms, too.
That forces him to life.
Be better and, uh, and if it allows you to try new jokes, too.
Because you go to the same room.
You see the same people.
We don't want to, um, try our certain things.
Are you to also, sometimes you don't want to like repeat the same jokes.
Cause I don't know these jokes.
So doing multiple rooms helps.
Yeah, I want to go to the offbeat.
And then there's that other one on the other day.
Yeah, I forget.
Awesome.
I think it's that a brewery, if we're going to, which one?
Boom down, boom down.
Have you been to that one?
Yeah.
It's good.
It's fine.
Um, you went viral.
You went kind of, you kind of started an online, uh,
you started a discordus really.
And what you ended up being a dialogue.
Yeah, I didn't, yeah, I don't know if it's viral, but yeah,
people were talking about it.
Yeah.
Uh, you tweeted a series of tweets or was it just one tweet?
That was talking about these pay-to-play, L.A.
Open mics for, um, and like how that's fucked up.
It makes no sense.
Yeah, I mean, I was, I literally said,
was we need to start having a conversation about open mics.
And then we ran with it.
But it was, what he said is what I was going to say.
Yeah, or would have said.
Upstate mental health check pile your so geographically isolated.
Are you good?
Uh, yeah, no, it's true.
I am kind of worried about the winter.
Like, I think it's going to feel pretty good.
Do you say things in all?
No, more just kind of like, once you get snow,
you know, starting it around and like, I don't know, the,
the weekenders probably stop coming up here and start going skiing,
which we're really half here.
So yeah, I think it's going to become a little remote feeling.
Right now, it feels okay.
All right.
Are you going to try to go to Florida?
No.
I don't know.
It's for just like kind of a shit show.
I think it's like, I think it's like,
I think it's always been kind of a shit show.
Yeah, when you weren't vaccinated,
now you're vaccinated and you don't want to go.
But it feels like it got worse even since I have come back.
Like, I came back in like April and uh,
I thought it was like before Delta and I think the Delta stuff was crazy.
And I don't know.
We also go like one episode without talking about fucking COVID.
Go off.
She's gone.
We have.
What, are you moving to LA or not?
You said you were going to?
I was thinking about it and now with like, you know,
there's a lot of DIY projects around the house that we haven't got to yet.
So I think how is that, uh, the moldy wood that you found?
Yeah, black moldy should say.
Black moldy.
Yeah, so that was that was consequence of the aforementioned leak.
So, uh, yeah, it was some bleached shit with the mold killer.
Put up some drywall, spackled it.
Oh shit, you made it it.
Word of the absolute week.
Spackled.
Spackle.
Nice.
All right, here we go.
Do you have that Venmo, my ass?
Are you, we're tweeting to try and get Venmo money so that you can.
Yeah, but you know, if I win that, I will genuinely come up with a game.
I really hope I win it so that for the live show, I can actually give that money away.
Give it to audience members.
Uh, I don't know.
Have like a briefcase.
Just give us cash, like a strip club or something.
I'll be tight.
Pile, is your, is your handle Andrew Dashpile?
I'm so scared.
I'm going to send this to the wrong person.
I'm guessing it is.
I haven't received it.
Have I been in a while?
This is just a misunderstanding.
I'm your piles in the world.
There's only a couple.
There's like two.
There's me and there's like a volleyball coach.
Like if this gets a volleyball coach, I'll force Marty to comp me.
Confirmed Andrew Dashpile.
Jeff, he says to me, I am not saying it back.
I will talk to him with that money.
Oh my god, I'm a child.
Siri screwed me on that one.
I was supposed to be speckled.
I'm a chef.
That was easy.
Listen, let's be honest, we got to get to the bottom of some shit.
First of all, we have our first segment here.
I wasn't sure till this moment if that was actually a better knock.
It's been a fucking year that you've been doing this.
And I still love this door.
Yeah, god damn.
I'm rich.
It's a lot of money.
How, how, where would it be if you really did some effects?
Like super awkward, like,
if what if he just didn't, he just never stood back.
Like he just died.
Oh, I would be, I would, it's not even my money.
That's George Sobba's rent money.
That he been modes to me, that I have to go get money from the bank later today.
Yeah, our landlord lives in the desert.
And we pay rent and cash because he doesn't want the government to know that he's a landlord.
So he got a discount on utilities.
He drives in usually a week after the first for whatever reason.
Welcome to Bond of the Week.
This is where, so Daniel Craig is out.
The movie came out today.
No time to die, but there is time to cast.
And I'm wondering who the next Bond might be this week in your head.
For me, it's Jeff Kina.
It too.
Daniel Kaluya.
It's fun.
I do want to point out that last week,
your pick was Jillian Anderson, who's not British.
I thought she was because of sex education.
Yeah, really good accents.
Yeah.
Great act.
I think she does kind of talk that way now in real life.
Yeah, she does.
She has a lot of stuff.
Because she also did like the fall.
She, you know, her Hannibal character kind of at a weird
time.
Yeah.
Who are your guys' bonds of the week?
My pick is Tyler Perry as Medea within British accent.
Can you do that?
That's so good.
No, I can't.
But I'm sure he can't.
Could you imagine like a British black ass big Medea?
Like, that would be tough.
The first one, they shoot in Atlanta.
No time to die.
Hey, Larry.
Then, Kyle, can you do the Tyler Perry
and pressure in the Medea?
No, I see it.
I won't be doing that.
Kyle, who's your bond of the week?
Man, come on, let's actually participate.
Man, I don't know.
I don't know.
I feel like I need to think about this more.
But obviously, whatever I've been even watching on TV,
watching the O.C.
I'm trying to think if there's anybody in the O.C.
Yeah, I would.
Brody would be an interesting bond.
They do.
Exactly.
They break their bond.
I don't have to be British.
Is that a rule?
Yep.
I mean, it's just kind of a rule in the sense
that that's just how it's been before, right?
I think rules are ready to be broken.
So, yeah, I don't know.
Tradition, there's something to be said for it.
So.
Um, all right, this week.
Oh, see.
I'm trying it.
So one time I tweeted what if bond was like 23?
So I'm trying to think of a younger person.
Because I think that would be funny.
That's why I think it should be Daniel Cleo, though.
I'd love if it was either cell.
But I feel like he's only going to get like two, like if it's him,
it's got to be one of those transitional bonds.
Because he's like 50.
Daniel Craig was 37 when he got it.
So I think they need to give it to someone like around 30.
And I think Daniel Cleo is like 32.
Well, going off, Daniel Cleo, uh, skins cast.
Dev Patel would be fun.
Dev Patel would be awesome.
I would love that.
That would be great.
I saw him at Arrow on once and he was so tall.
And he was wearing an IWC pilot's mark 18.
And I just like, my guy.
Oh, what if we did a Patrick Stewart to do from?
Yeah, I just watched him for a while.
Absolutely.
I'm not going to do that.
He does his own stunts and dies in the first shot.
I'm really pulling the children's hands.
Oh, my god.
It's so cool.
Yeah, it's so cool.
We do have to take a quick break.
Wait, did everybody get their bond picking?
We all did, right?
It doesn't fucking matter.
That's going to be a big.
Let's go to you didn't?
No, I did.
I'll do it.
I mean, Adam Brody sounds good to me.
You can do a pretty check set.
Yeah.
Who is Adam Brody?
Because I think it wasn't that your answer last week?
No.
My.
I mean, Adam Brody is not British.
My answer last week was Aaron Taylor Johnson.
Adam Brody was pretty fire on Kilmer Girls.
We'll be right back.
And we're back at it again with the light bands.
Daniel, back at it again with the wide bands.
E a sports.
We're ready for our next segment.
Everybody say yes on 31, 2, 3.
Yes.
We'll figure it out.
Here we go.
It's gone.
I feel like eventually we're going to have a compilation of people walking off-screen
during this video, but that's sometimes a mangrove.
Is that a coffee?
Ice coffee?
God of being.
Isn't Jeff a like a young Gallagher?
The kid can log out too.
Name that drier.
Okay.
Natalie.
That's 1008.
It's um, it's not quite that kind of game.
The New York Times just released a list of the four best
haired driers on the market.
And I'm basically going to see if you can
using only your oral skills.
decipher which drier is which.
Here we go.
Ready?
Can we know the options?
Yeah, I guess that makes it more fun, doesn't it?
Okay.
Yeah.
Paris absolutely cut this out.
All right, your options are.
I'm going to drop them in the chat.
Okay.
The rust,
weightless professional.
The rev air.
The Dyson.
Super sonic haired drier.
And the infinity pro.
By con air.
haired drier.
That's a hand.
Something with the hands, right?
That's the rev air.
No way, run one.
That's wrong.
It's not the rev air.
Is it the Dyson?
Rasc.
That's correct.
The rust weightless.
Keep in mind not something there there might be
repeats.
So that this is not a process of elimination.
Here we go.
We're going to go to the second here drier.
The rev air.
Wait, there might be repeats.
Like they made multiple videos of each error.
No, that doesn't mean I got these from YouTube.
Like there could be repeats.
Like I just want you to know that just because there's already been the
the weightless doesn't mean that I won't do the weightless again.
Does that make sense?
So I don't want you to think that you're going to narrow it down the further we get into this.
That was really backing on that so this sucks.
Do you guys need to hear it again?
This is crazy.
Yeah, yeah, heavy again, heavy again, heavy again.
The pire pitch, so it's not, it's not the rev again.
That's telling it two different gears.
It shifts gears.
Let me get away through.
Isn't it cold and hot?
Does that?
Don't most air driers have like kind of a hot
And then there's like the modes.
But that infinity pro.
Correct the infinity pro by Con air hair drier.
All right, these all Jeff are these all hair driers or some of them like ones that have brushes.
These are all hair driers.
The rev air is actually a reverse hair dryer.
So basically you put your hair into it and then it like warms it around it.
Does that make sense?
I think you're here wet.
It's whoever is here dry.
Wait, it's a shower head.
Why is there a lot for other right?
Searching for videos.
That's really searching for the dice at different Sonic.
Town of the keys are to shit.
He's having a wave for the pre-roll ads to add.
So we have two second video.
Okay, um, here we go, ready?
Gotta be the Dyson.
Holy shit, Marieka's cleaning us.
That's the Dyson Super Sonic.
All right, here we go, you ready?
Harsh.
Sounds like the hand dryer in the LA office.
That's your hand.
Wait, can I hear that one again?
Because though if it's reverse, it would sound like a backing cleaner, right?
To me, that sounds like it's sucking in.
I think that's the rev air.
Fuck.
Russ.
Correct!
This is fucking weird.
Why are you reacting to this?
Your oral skills are off the charts.
Here we go, last one, ready?
We're out of the air.
Insane.
Actually, insane.
Marieka, this is a huge shout out of air.
All right, well, that was.
Are you a shame that you didn't best to me?
It's all good for audio.
Like at the end of the day, it's just entertainment.
We shouldn't take it that serious.
We're out of the air.
All right, I just wanted to take a moment in the middle of the show.
And so instead of at the end to plug our live show,
this episode's coming out on October 15th,
which means that next Friday, the first ever headgum podcast live, October 22nd,
Friday night, 7 p.m. New York City,
Grammarcy Theater on East 23rd, Danny is going to be on the show.
Marieka is going to be on the show.
And that's all I'll say about the lineup.
All right, it's going to be gangbusters.
But we still have a couple more tickets to sell out.
The venue, we're very close to selling out.
At the time of recording, there are 69 tickets left, I believe.
And nice.
Sorry.
You're not that guy.
But anyway, so in order to sell those last couple tickets out,
I made a couple posters.
And I wanted to show them to you guys.
Is that helpful?
Yeah, thank you.
All right, I think you're going to like, um, I worked hard on them.
And I think they look good.
Here we go.
If you guys have any notes, let me know because, uh,
Marieka, you obviously are social media director.
So I just kind of want to include you on this process.
But I welcome any notes.
But I think they all should be good to go.
Here we go.
So this one's sort of like, it's basically like turning it into a
people show almost.
What?
Oh no, no.
Why is it plastic?
This is, yeah, for sure.
How do you have that picture?
I just searched Google, uh, Google,
Marieka Brownlee on Google images hunting.
Uh, yeah, obviously the show is not
um, well, you, it doesn't matter if the show ends up being this.
It's like if we advertise this, it'll get people in seats.
And all we need to do is sell tickets.
That's false advertising.
I'd never do that.
All right, we can mix that one because we have a couple more options.
But let's just look at these with not only a discerning eye, but a positive lens.
How about this?
What about it?
Um, obviously has nothing to do with the show, right?
Again, you just have to get asses in seats.
It doesn't matter whether you solve the opioid crisis or not, which by the way, I did spell it wrong.
But I think this sells those last couple of tickets.
And I'm not going to apologize for putting this on a poster.
I mean, I think you should.
You can't tell me it doesn't look good.
Yeah, yeah, great design work.
Then what's your issue with it?
It all it needs is I'm going to podcast live October 22nd 7 p.m.
Okay, if that's all it needs, then you're not going to like any of these.
Here's the next one.
Nice little strange design looks great.
Yeah, but again, the messaging is there.
Had gone podcast live.
It's almost too simple.
And also, yeah, like what does that mean?
I don't know, like, don't be shy.
Don't be a stranger.
Come to the show.
But I tickets get your ass in seats.
Let's do this, man.
I think it looks good.
And by the way, I made this on this thing called Pixar, which is, uh, it's like a super easy to use
photo design app.
And so I know that it looks like I spent a lot of time on this, but I didn't.
So I don't know if you should give me daps for that or if you should give
Pixar daps for that.
And we can, you know, you can, you can use a bunch of different backgrounds.
You can, there's different templates to choose from.
You just drag and drop photos.
You edit text.
And it's so easy, even.
I can use it.
And add it.
Let's see what?
Is this an ad?
No, because you already have the ad break.
You can do cool things too.
You can even add stickers like this.
Nice brown.
So way too aggressive.
I can, threatening the audience, which I don't think will sell tickets.
We have two weeks to sell this thing out.
The last 70 aren't going.
So if this is what it takes, I'm down.
I'm fucking down.
And I am that guy, pal.
Let's just simplify it.
This is the last one.
I thought we were going to use all of these, but maybe we will just use this last one.
I mean, it has all the info.
I don't really know why I'm like a thumbnail on it.
I ran on some of those on Google Images to you.
Yeah, that's fair.
It could last me for images.
Yeah, like sure, I don't know.
What a love to prove all.
This is a prove all right.
I just had hard to get you on the horn sometimes.
But anyway.
I did use Pixar for all of those.
And I had a ton of fun using it.
So if you guys ever need to use posters or make posters
or any promotional materials in photographs,
use Pixar.
Everybody.
Full steam ahead, Danny.
Yeah, we don't know.
This show is going really well.
I just feel like we're teeter tottering.
It feels fragile to me.
So let's go into the next segment.
Are you guys ready?
Yep.
Yes, sir.
In car.
Welcome to true or nearer.
Have you guys played Truth or Dare?
Yes.
Well, that's truth or dare.
Where do you ask either answer something honestly
or have to do with dare?
This is truth or nearer.
So the name of the game is truth or nearer.
And basically the idea behind it is I'm going to ask you guys questions.
But we're well, I go around to you guys and you say truth or nearer.
Actually, it's not really that it's I'm going to ask you a question
and you either tell the truth and answer it honestly.
And you have to be really honest or
I'm going to show you a photo of a child.
And you're going to have to say, I near that kid.
So basically, you'd be rubbing nearer on a child getting rid of all its hair.
Instead of just answering a simple fucking question here we go.
Let's start with Maria.
Maria truth or nearer.
And this is the question.
Have you ever eaten ass?
Nearer.
All right. Here we go.
Sit.
What is it?
You just have to say, I near this.
I'm going to near this kid.
You are not the angel that everyone thinks you are.
Wait, what's up?
I'm just trying to be with holding a personal information
but no, you want a fucking give this kid a bold arm.
Sure.
I mean, you probably doesn't have arm hair.
It's a kid.
All right.
That's a fly near game.
That's pretty easy to like near a child.
They don't care.
That's good going to get her account.
I'm sure.
All right, Danny, truth or nearer.
And this is the question.
How many people have you had sex with in your entire life?
Ha ha ha ha ha.
Nearer, please.
All right.
Why are all these babies black?
Roast it not.
There's so many more.
There's just two more.
Roast it.
All these black babies.
All right, Danny.
You got to say it.
I'm going to near this kid.
I don't know what was going on.
This is the hip of isolation.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
I guess if we're gun to my head.
I'll
near the elbow.
No, but that's not true, Danny,
because it wasn't gunned to your head.
It was just a simple question.
And you would rather nare a kid.
And I think that makes you sort
of a scondrel almost.
I'll take it.
That was easy.
Okay.
Um, pile, you're ready.
Truth or narrow, and this is your question. Is your wife the best sexual partner you've ever had?
Yes. Really?
Pile, holy shit. Oh, baby. Yes.
That's really awesome, actually.
Just show me a kid anyway. I'll do it.
This is fucked up, but all right. I want to say that you'll narrow this kid.
No, I'm not going to say that. That's fucked up.
That's where you draw the line. Don't say it's fucked up.
Naren, kids. It's terrible. I would.
What did you do to put this to find these little kids?
All right. Marie, go back to you.
Truth or narrow, and your question is weirdest, kink.
Not a true false question. Yeah, not a truth.
It's not a truth. It's barely a question, but again, Nare.
All right. Here you go. I'm going to narrow this kid.
I came up with this game last night at 345 in the goddamn morning. Yeah, you can't. We can tell. Yeah.
Here we go. Back to Danny.
What's your personal record for Times Climaxing in a day?
Truth or narrow? I really don't want to see any more babies.
This one's not that hard to answer.
Yeah, two to three, maybe. I had sex four times in a night two weeks ago, and I was so so
were. That doesn't actually sound bad fun. It was in the fourth time. It was tough.
You outside like this. Yeah, you got this moment like four weeks ago.
Drop it. It was four times the second. Wow.
All right. The thing about it is back then you had like the real like red eyes to that thing. That's a
wild picture of just just in the middle of night. It was starting that.
I don't like that. This baby is still looking at this.
I can't believe it. Are you really worse than me saying I'd narrow this kid? It was having
it just up during this conversation. You're exactly right. Here we go. Back to pile.
What's the closest? I don't know why I said it British. What's the closest you've come to
cheating on your betrothed? I don't know what would be the closest that if it wasn't like
overtly something. You know what I mean? I wouldn't consider that an answer to the
questions, so you're going to have to, you're going to have to narrow this kid. Okay, I'll narrow this kid.
I will eat your ass. I hit the wrong button. It was supposed to be.
All right. Okay, so are you just doing Google searches to find these kids?
Because the websites that are coming up are like insane. I just looked up children.
It was very pediatric then told me.
Maria come back to you. Who's the most problematic celebrity that you would want to have sex with?
It's not a thing that I can even come up with, I think. Here you go. Yeah, I'm going to narrow this kid.
Oh, no, no, no, no.
The fight on this pig tail. So fucked up.
That's dance break.
Weird PBS sound right.
We made it. Another video episode of the
podcast in. The bank. Aji, is what I
would have, I don't have that sound up, and I don't want to search for it, because everybody
gives me shit for the way I search with my eyes and we can't edit that out.
Do you guys remember Lionel Coinbank?
No, no, you guys do remember. What is that? Lionel Coinbank. Lionel Coinbank.
Save your money, save your money, and it was like a Lionel train coin bank for kids
Was it like a connoissele?
It's like a toy or something?
I feel like I heard you talk about this recently, but I don't know what it is
I don't fucking know how did you have Jeff?
I was talking to my friend about this and she also remembered it, so
But I maybe it was like a region at one note because Danny you're also from Ohio you would have gotten that that ad
Yeah, I don't know what you're talking about, bro
Very good either way. I believe you're not supporting I appreciate that
I mean that was all I had we're at 41 minutes. Is that fine? Is that good?
Course
Let's end it here better than some episodes. I agree. I agree
All right
Better than some episodes
No, let's go to plugs. Let's go to plugs and let I'll get a little thing to get us into them. Here we go
Jeff with your hair like that you look like
Little Richard right now to me
And the mustache. It's the mustache too. I guess. Yeah, but this really high like that is like
I think you should I think you should I think you should I think you should
Really like clock your hair just for the fun of it see what happens. I don't
Like having hair product in my hair
But I'll do it for you guys. Wow. You want to end this show so badly you keep getting upset
Plus, Danny, what do you got going on? What do you want to point to people to the foreseers?
Man a podcast thing and doing shows here in LA follow me at follow sellers on Instagram and Twitter
All my links and shit that I'm doing are there. Oh, yeah
pile
Yeah, come to the head come show. Are you gonna be in New York City? Yeah, come on. Oh, yeah. I'll be there
Um
There's a new head gun podcast called senior superlatives with Greta title men
That'll be really fun. So we're talking about high school experiences with guests and friends
So I'm sure it'll be very cringe-worthy and good
Um
The first episode comes out
The day before this comes out so it'll be live and you can listen to it
We should do a cross promo with her. She's really funny
Yeah, at Jeffrey James on Instagram at Jeff Boyardy on Twitter and headgum.com slash live for the last few remaining tickets to the headgum podcast
Live show at the Grammar Seethy at her New York City October 22nd
I'm gonna take it's to high and mighty. It was just going to now be a power hour with dope boys
It's gonna be a valley which I'm palies in. Yeah, it's gonna be a true mess. That's so sick. We'll be really fun
But yeah, if you've been if you've been planning on going and haven't gotten your tickets left yet
Get them before they're gone
And let's try and sell this thing out. It'll be a lot of fun and either way a join will be jump in
Little fat's wall or for your ass and for your Friday. Let's uh, let's take them out. Sex!
That was a headgum original
you